docs: update documentation to clarify contributing to project (#937)
Selleo/lms-core: README.md

</div>

> We welcome contributions to LMS Core! Please check our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines about how to proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome contributions to Mentingo! Please check our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for guidelines about how to proceed.
```
